# Transcription Result

 Hey guys, we're here today in the beautiful city of Zurich at the headquarters of Swiss3 and we're here today with Terry Ligier, who is the CEO of Live Capital and also member of the Group Executive Committee and we're here to find out more about the trends and current state in insurance and especially reinsurance. Thank you for taking your time. It's a great pleasure. When we look at the insurance industry and reinsurance industry, where do you see the challenges we are facing as an industry currently? I mean, who likes to buy insurance? You? I don't like to. Do you? No, more. No? Isn't it? So maybe cars, maybe clothes, I don't know, it depends on personal preferences. I've never, ever met anyone that wants to buy insurance, so that's the single biggest challenge we face. Nobody is looking out for us. The other thing is the way people interact today, they're used to mobile phone, but not to the agents coming to your home anymore, so that needs to change totally. You will see that the protection here, even in Germany, even in Switzerland, is actually pretty big. And on other countries such as the US, it's huge. In Asia it's like trillions and trillions. And these are people who should buy insurance, but they don't. Typical life protection insurance. The father dies, the family stays without money. And that is kind of a personal failure almost that I feel for the insurance industry. The problem is too large just for one party to solve it. I think if we really want to tackle the protection gap in the way of how we can distribute products in a more efficient way, which ultimately will lower the relevance at premium, because acquisition costs is one of the high burdens we have in our underlying premiums, then I think we need to look at new ways of collaborating across these challenges. Which kind of trends do you see there? We are convinced insurance will play a very important role in going forward. Banks will continue to sell insurance. But there is this emerging platforms that you see ecosystems. And we think that they will combine two things. On the one hand, they have hundreds of millions or billions of customers. Insurance companies have usually no access to. And on the other hand, they buy stuff. They are built around the need of a customer that we in insurance don't have access to. So what we actually want to do is engage with those partners. I think generally the industry is a bit of a crossroad of the old way and the new way. We, a lot of people have talked about how the industry will transform itself. I think however a lot of people are still reliant on the way of how things used to be done. And I think we're just in that midsection where the old business mode works and people are testing out the new ones. And I think for us, what our purpose really is to assist people to go through that rather than crossroads and move into the new arena of how insurance can be particularly distributed to end consumers in a more effective way. How could insurer or reinsurer react? We actually build our own technology. Okay. We're much more assemblers. So we have a kind of what we call API enabled microservices platform. So we attach different service providers to our platform. If you don't like a service provider anymore, we change it. Our sole purpose is to embed other people's brand into a customer journey. I think I'm most proud of making insurance more accessible to individuals in six countries where we are today and another two we will add by the end of this year. And we make them more accessible for partnering up with their most favorite brands. In addition to that, we also created an insurance balance sheet. Because a lot of these parties do not have a balance sheet capability in some of these countries and frankly also to really drive technology evolution, you have to be very much aligned to regulatory changes. And sometimes just being a tech company isn't enough. You have to be an insurance and a tech company. That's what we call ourselves more risk tech than a pure tech company. If the queue stands for is actually a platform insurer, which means a B2B2C. So B2B we engage with a platform, a famous brand. And then B2C we sell insurance to the customers of that platform, of that brand. Okay, you disrupt the whole value chain of the insurance industry. How about your current customer base, the primary insurer and they are going to hate you? Good question. But actually today we are already with the queue engaging primarily with insurance companies. So we help them actually on that journey. For example enter a new digital market faster or digitize their current offerings. There are many ways with it if you can also help our current clients. But isn't that actually also a big danger for the insurance industry, for those who don't participate in that? Absolutely. There are winners and losers. And I think the losers are those who don't adapt, those who don't accept the challenge, those who don't see the opportunity behind the challenges. So far it's a fact. Reinsurance has been relatively protected but we can see attackers already in the net cat side with ILS and other alternative markets. I think there are models around and as a reinsurer you have to be very, very clear about what's going on and the opportunities offered by technology. And Swissview has always been at the forefront and we will remain there.